Docs: Clarify geomap tooltip behavior (#107930)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/geomap/index.md

- **Zoom** displays current zoom level of the map.
- **Center** displays the current **longitude**, **latitude** of the map center.

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/geomap-panel/geomap-map-controls-debug-9-1-0.png" max-width="400px" alt="Geomap panel debug" >}}

#### Tooltip

> Tooltips are supported for the **Markers**, **Heatmap**, **Photos** (beta) layers.

Reviewer: We also support it in Dynamic GeoJSON now too!

Author: Noted. Right now we haven't even documented that particular map layer, so let's leave it out of this PR and handle that separately.

For these layer types, choose from the following tooltip options:

- **None** displays tooltips only when a data point is clicked.
- **Details** displays tooltips when a mouse pointer hovers over a data point.

When a data point on the geomap represents one row&mdash;that is, only a single row of response data is relevant to that point&mdash;the tooltip displays a grid with the row's names and values:

{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/screenshot-single-row-marker-v12.1.png" max-width="750px" alt="A data point with one row of associated data" >}}

When a data point represents more than one row&mdash;that is, different rows but with the same geographical information&mdash;then each row appears as a single entry, containing the name and value of the first column of the respective row:

{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/panels-visualizations/screenshot-multiple-row-marker-v12.1.png" max-width="750px" alt="A data point with mulitple rows of associated data" >}}

> The name of each top-level row of the tooltip reflects the first field value in the data row and clicking each of these rows expands it to show the grid with the row details.

Author: ```suggestion
The name of each top-level row of the tooltip is associated with the first field value in the data row and clicking each of these rows expands it to show the grid with the row details.
```
